README.md, before:

# **Sophisticated Wheels**

## **Site Overview**

[View the live project here.](https://sophisticated-wheels-1ab4360cc753.herokuapp.com/)


Discover the epitome of automotive excellence in Leicester at Sophisticated Wheels. Immerse yourself in our exclusive collection of prestigious vehicles, meticulously curated for the discerning driver. Indulge your automotive desires with our diverse array of luxury cars, conveniently showcased in our state-of-the-art showroom. At Sophisticated Wheels, we understand that your quest for the perfect vehicle is a journey, and we're here to accompany you every step of the way. Our commitment to excellence extends beyond aesthetics. Whether you crave the thrill of a sports car or the old school feel of a classic car, we stand ready to guide you to your ideal automotive companion in Leicester. As a fully approved service center, our dedication to quality assurance ensures that your confidence in us is well-placed. When you choose us, you're not just buying a car; you're investing in a seamless and reassuring experience.

![Website responsiveness](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/amiresponsive.png?raw=true)

## Table of contents

- [**Sophisticated Wheels**](#sophisticated-wheels)
  - [**Site Overview**](#site-overview)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [**Planning stage**](#planning-stage)
    - [**Target Audiences:**](#target-audiences)
    - [**User Stories:**](#user-stories)
    - [**Site Aims:**](#site-aims)
    - [**How Will This Be Achieved:**](#how-will-this-be-achieved)
    - [**Wireframes:**](#wireframes)
    - [**Color Scheme:**](#color-scheme)
    - [**Typography:**](#typography)
    - [**Technologies Used:**](#technologies-used)
      - [**Design Tools**](#design-tools)
      - [**Front-End**](#front-end)
      - [**Back-End**](#back-end)

  - [**Current Features Common to all pages**](#current-features-common-to-all-pages)
    - [**Header Element**](#header-element)
      - [*Navigation Bar:*](#navigation-bar)
  - [**Footer**](#footer)
  - [**Individual Page Content features**](#individual-page-content-features)
    - [**Home Page Content:**](#home-page-content)
    - [**About Us Page Content:**](#about-us-page-content)
    - [**Our Fleet Page Content:**](#comedour-fleet-page-content)
    - [**Sell Your Car Page Content**](#sell-your-car-page-content)
    - [**Account Page Content**](#account-page-content)
    - [**Login Page Content**](#login-page-content)
    - [**Register Page Content**](#register-page-content)
    - [**Contact Page Content**](#account-page-content)
    - [**404 Error Page Content**](#404-error-page-content)
  - [**Future-Enhancements**](#future-enhancements)
  - [**Testing Phase**](#testing-phase)
    - [**Testing During Development**](#testing-during-development)
      - [**Manual Testing**](#manual-testing)
      - [**User Story Testing**](#user-story-testing)
      - [**Functionality testing**](#functionality-testing)
      - [**Bugs and fixes**](#bugs-and-fixes)
    - [**Testing After Development**](#testing-after-development)
      - [**Validators**](#validators)
      - [***HTML*** - https://validator.w3.org/nu/](#html---httpsvalidatorw3orgnu)
      - [***CSS*** - https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/](#css---httpsjigsaww3orgcss-validator)
      - [**Lighthouse Scores**](#lighthouse-scores)
  - [**Deployment**](#deployment)
  - [**Credits**](#credits)
    - [**General reference:**](#general-reference)
    - [**Content:**](#content)

## **Planning stage**

### **Target Audiences:**

- Users looking to buy a luxury car.
- Users that want to sell their own luxury cars.
- Users that want to be able to easily access the website from their mobile device as well as their other devices.

### **User Stories:**

- As a user I want to see the subject matter of the page.
- As a new user I want to be able to view the site without logging in.
- As a user I want to be able to create, read, update and delete a listing of my own car.
- As a luxury car enthusiast, I want to be able to view the fleet of high end cars available in this showroom.
- As a mobile user, I want the website to be responsive and all the sections of the website to be easily accessible and functional on my smartphone or tablet, ensuring a seamless experience regardless of the device I'm using.

### **Site Aims:**

- To inform the user what the website is about.
- To insure the user that the website is fluid and can be navigated at ease every step of their experience.
- To allow the user to easily create, read, update and delete a listing of their own car.
- To inform the user on what the luxury car showroom has in its fleet.
- To allow the user to be able to contact the showroom without any trouble.

### **How Will This Be Achieved:**

- The landing page of the website provides the user a short description of what he can find in the showroom. The user can also read more about the website in the About section.
- The site provides information about the fleet of cars it has in stock and details of each car.
- The site provides the user a form to register and login, so that they can sell their private luxury car.
- The users are able to create their own listing and it will be displayed in their account, where they can update their listing or delete it whenever they decide.
- The users are able to contact the showroom through a form where they can send a message or if they prefer, there is a email adress displayed as well as a phone number.

### **Wireframes:**

- Mobile Wireframes:
  - Home page

![Home page]()
  - About Us page
  
![About Us]()
  - Our Fleet page
  
![Our Fleet page]()
  - Sell Your Car page
  
![Sell Your Car page]()
  - Account page
  
![Account page]()
  - Contact page
  
![Contact page]()
  - Login page
  
![Login page]()
  - Register page
  
![Register page]()

- Desktop Wireframes:
  - Home page

![Home page]()
  - About Us page
  
![About Us]()
  - Our Fleet page
  
![Our Fleet page]()
  - Sell Your Car page
  
![Sell Your Car page]()
  - Account page
  
![Account page]()
  - Contact page
  
![Contact page]()
  - Login page
  
![Login page]()
  - Register page
  
![Register page]()

### **Color Scheme:**

When deciding the color scheme I wanted a dark road background with grey or white text for the contents for a good contrast. The color palette was created using [https://coolors.co/]
![Color Palette](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/palette.png?raw=true)


I also created this color contrast grid using [https://contrast-grid.eightshapes.com/](https://contrast-grid.eightshapes.com/?version=1.1.0&background-colors=&foreground-colors=%23191919%0D%0A%233C4146%0D%0A%236B6464%0D%0A%23ACA0A0%0D%0A%23FCFAFA&es-color-form__tile-size=compact&es-color-form__show-contrast=aaa&es-color-form__show-contrast=aa&es-color-form__show-contrast=aa18&es-color-form__show-contrast=dnp), to check the contrast scored and ensure the text remains visible across the entire website and that the site is accessible to everyone.

![Color Contrast Grid](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/contrast.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

Add navbar and footer description to readme.md

README.md, after:

# **Sophisticated Wheels**

## **Site Overview**

[View the live project here.](https://sophisticated-wheels-1ab4360cc753.herokuapp.com/)


Discover the epitome of automotive excellence in Leicester at Sophisticated Wheels. Immerse yourself in our exclusive collection of prestigious vehicles, meticulously curated for the discerning driver. Indulge your automotive desires with our diverse array of luxury cars, conveniently showcased in our state-of-the-art showroom. At Sophisticated Wheels, we understand that your quest for the perfect vehicle is a journey, and we're here to accompany you every step of the way. Our commitment to excellence extends beyond aesthetics. Whether you crave the thrill of a sports car or the old school feel of a classic car, we stand ready to guide you to your ideal automotive companion in Leicester. As a fully approved service center, our dedication to quality assurance ensures that your confidence in us is well-placed. When you choose us, you're not just buying a car; you're investing in a seamless and reassuring experience.

![Website responsiveness](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/amiresponsive.png?raw=true)

## Table of contents

- [**Sophisticated Wheels**](#sophisticated-wheels)
  - [**Site Overview**](#site-overview)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [**Planning stage**](#planning-stage)
    - [**Target Audiences:**](#target-audiences)
    - [**User Stories:**](#user-stories)
    - [**Site Aims:**](#site-aims)
    - [**How Will This Be Achieved:**](#how-will-this-be-achieved)
    - [**Wireframes:**](#wireframes)
    - [**Color Scheme:**](#color-scheme)
    - [**Typography:**](#typography)
    - [**Technologies Used:**](#technologies-used)
      - [**Design Tools**](#design-tools)
      - [**Front-End**](#front-end)
      - [**Back-End**](#back-end)

  - [**Current Features Common to all pages**](#current-features-common-to-all-pages)
    - [**Header Element**](#header-element)
    - [**Footer**](#footer)
  - [**Individual Page Content features**](#individual-page-content-features)
    - [**Home Page Content:**](#home-page-content)
    - [**About Us Page Content:**](#about-us-page-content)
    - [**Our Fleet Page Content:**](#comedour-fleet-page-content)
    - [**Sell Your Car Page Content**](#sell-your-car-page-content)
    - [**Account Page Content**](#account-page-content)
    - [**Login Page Content**](#login-page-content)
    - [**Register Page Content**](#register-page-content)
    - [**Contact Page Content**](#account-page-content)
    - [**404 Error Page Content**](#404-error-page-content)
  - [**Future-Enhancements**](#future-enhancements)
  - [**Testing Phase**](#testing-phase)
    - [**Testing During Development**](#testing-during-development)
      - [**Manual Testing**](#manual-testing)
      - [**User Story Testing**](#user-story-testing)
      - [**Functionality testing**](#functionality-testing)
      - [**Bugs and fixes**](#bugs-and-fixes)
    - [**Testing After Development**](#testing-after-development)
      - [**Validators**](#validators)
      - [***HTML*** - https://validator.w3.org/nu/](#html---httpsvalidatorw3orgnu)
      - [***CSS*** - https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/](#css---httpsjigsaww3orgcss-validator)
      - [**Lighthouse Scores**](#lighthouse-scores)
  - [**Deployment**](#deployment)
  - [**Credits**](#credits)
    - [**General reference:**](#general-reference)
    - [**Content:**](#content)

## **Planning stage**

### **Target Audiences:**

- Users looking to buy a luxury car.
- Users that want to sell their own luxury cars.
- Users that want to be able to easily access the website from their mobile device as well as their other devices.

### **User Stories:**

- As a user I want to see the subject matter of the page.
- As a new user I want to be able to view the site without logging in.
- As a user I want to be able to create, read, update and delete a listing of my own car.
- As a luxury car enthusiast, I want to be able to view the fleet of high end cars available in this showroom.
- As a mobile user, I want the website to be responsive and all the sections of the website to be easily accessible and functional on my smartphone or tablet, ensuring a seamless experience regardless of the device I'm using.

### **Site Aims:**

- To inform the user what the website is about.
- To insure the user that the website is fluid and can be navigated at ease every step of their experience.
- To allow the user to easily create, read, update and delete a listing of their own car.
- To inform the user on what the luxury car showroom has in its fleet.
- To allow the user to be able to contact the showroom without any trouble.

### **How Will This Be Achieved:**

- The landing page of the website provides the user a short description of what he can find in the showroom. The user can also read more about the website in the About section.
- The site provides information about the fleet of cars it has in stock and details of each car.
- The site provides the user a form to register and login, so that they can sell their private luxury car.
- The users are able to create their own listing and it will be displayed in their account, where they can update their listing or delete it whenever they decide.
- The users are able to contact the showroom through a form where they can send a message or if they prefer, there is a email adress displayed as well as a phone number.

### **Wireframes:**

- Mobile Wireframes:
  - Home page

![Home page]()
  - About Us page
  
![About Us]()
  - Our Fleet page
  
![Our Fleet page]()
  - Sell Your Car page
  
![Sell Your Car page]()
  - Account page
  
![Account page]()
  - Contact page
  
![Contact page]()
  - Login page
  
![Login page]()
  - Register page
  
![Register page]()

- Desktop Wireframes:
  - Home page

![Home page]()
  - About Us page
  
![About Us]()
  - Our Fleet page
  
![Our Fleet page]()
  - Sell Your Car page
  
![Sell Your Car page]()
  - Account page
  
![Account page]()
  - Contact page
  
![Contact page]()
  - Login page
  
![Login page]()
  - Register page
  
![Register page]()

### **Color Scheme:**

When deciding the color scheme I wanted a dark road background with grey or white text for the contents for a good contrast. The color palette was created using [https://coolors.co/]

![Color Palette](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/palette.png?raw=true)


I also created this color contrast grid using [https://contrast-grid.eightshapes.com/](https://contrast-grid.eightshapes.com/?version=1.1.0&background-colors=&foreground-colors=%23191919%0D%0A%233C4146%0D%0A%236B6464%0D%0A%23ACA0A0%0D%0A%23FCFAFA&es-color-form__tile-size=compact&es-color-form__show-contrast=aaa&es-color-form__show-contrast=aa&es-color-form__show-contrast=aa18&es-color-form__show-contrast=dnp), to check the contrast scored and ensure the text remains visible across the entire website and that the site is accessible to everyone.

![Color Contrast Grid](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/contrast.png?raw=true)

### **Typography:**

I decided on using a Google font, called Montserrat, for its clean and bold look.
![Typography](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/typography1.png?raw=true)

While for the logo of the website, in the left corner, I chose a Google font called because it looks stylish and fit for the name of the website.
![Typography](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/typography2.png?raw=true)


## **Current Features Common to all pages**

### **Header Element**

* The navigation bar appears on all pages (including the 404 and 500 page).
* In the left corner there is the logo of the website.
* Contains links to the Home, About Us, Our Fleet, Sell Your Car, Login, Register and Contact page for quick navigation around the website. 
* The navbar also has a hover effect, which highlights the link that the cursor is hovering on top of.
* On mobile the navbar transforms into a togglable hamburger button.

![Header](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/navbar.png?raw=true)

## **Footer**

* Placed at the bottom of the page, it includes useful links, account links and contact information as well as the address of the car showroom.
* The footer includes a copyright notice at the bottom and has the same dark background as the navbar. The footer also includes a function that automatically updates the date.
![Footer](https://github.com/RazvanTr10/Sophisticated-Wheels/blob/main/static/images/documentation/navbar.png?raw=true)
